nights family I come from telesalseo I come
very sleepy today eh I'm going to be a
little while because I think there are three or four three
or four topics here that are
quite important to discuss quickly
but I'm not going to be live for long
okay I'm telling you so you can get
settled quickly we're going to
get to the point I mean we're going to get to the
point because I need to rest a
little more today than yesterday okay I've put 2
hours of gym in my body this
afternoon two hours of gymnastics
look you see it I'm already I don't even know what I'm
saying so nothing what are
you guys doing What are you doing there Yeah And
segue's baby how would you
pronounce the name I mean put
how would I pronounce the name of this of
this vtuber that is giving so much to
talk about with these
accusations hehe How would you say it hehe well let's
see this is one of the
ers that are accusing Kendo of
abuse let's see Kendo In order not to lose the thread
Kendo exposes the company to the company
where  works or manages
roldier mirra was also not involved
in the company this one is
not there something to do with it
too and what was this one's name, the one
who has been around here on
the channel in the chat many
times who makes vtuber gossip what was his
name that starts with
d seger without
more cje okay
cge Okay, so yesterday we were watching
this girl's channel, the video that
Drake Co uploaded with the accusations and the truth
is that they did not convince
me at the moment about this funa issue I do not
know if you think the same as me
but so far what has come out
of the funa seems to me a bit
forced funa I do not want to tell you with this that
eh applaud Maybe if the company has
had abusive behavior or
whatever with its creators But the truth
is that the funa seems a bit to me XD
today okay Kendo responded to
seje's accusations he said that she
undressed with her girl avatar in
front of her friends in the metaverse that she
watched Hentai with her followers and that in
the hotel where she did not want anything  He took out
a sex toy and claims that she
show the baby because according to him she
falsified the pregnancy test
she with avatars that literally
looked like a girl she undressed in front
of my friends, I mean the gentai that I saw
on discord the things that I always do, I
mean What a good
roleplay What a good roleplay eh I mean Wow she even
puts sound effects on it and everything a
person who didn't want to do anything with me
takes a sex toy So tell me
seje where is the baby we had
Where is the baby we had that
when I started dating her the
first like red flag or the first thing
that I must have seen was that eh
she was already like dating another
boy okay I know the boy's name and
everything but out of respect for him I'm not going to
name him because well I fell asleep I didn't have to
sleep I didn't have to go to sleep and she
went with the boy no So the
next day he told me it's not that when
you weren't there I was with this boy and he
treated me Like this like this and and that's what he said Ah the
beast No well this is before being
boyfriends not seeing chat and over time this
we got together more her and I and  we broke up
and we ended up being a couple this when
we were dating a couple he
starts talking to me That if with his old
relationship that his dis that it seems like
a kids fight man let's see
literally it is a kids fight I think
that between them they are 19 18
17 about the pregnancy from the morning
after pill what a story eh Let's see about the
morning after pill yes it would make
sense Of course if She had a relationship with
this guy at the hotel and they didn't use
what should be used Well maybe she
did now that
the other one forced her to take it man let's
see you know what and that it's rape
because the guy said it seems like I
raped you Maybe it's that the girl
was exhausted like very sleepy
asleep in bed or she wasn't moving much
okay I think it was more I think that
surely being a person who is
losing her virginity surely the
context of the conversation would go towards the
little activity or the little the lack of
experience no that she wasn't moving or
whatever and the other one said damn You haven't
moved it seems like I raped you  I think it
goes that way okay but it
seems to me that
Kendo's funa to the company a
little like this girl Kendo no
Taking advantage of the fact that the pisuerga passes through
Valladoli come on with the one they went out the time
she spoke it was to talk to me about her
ex about how they had treated her that she
missed the ex that she spoke to him in
English and I was like Ah dude
what do I do is she telling me that she misses her
ex after beating this guy
called p no She already started flirting with
my friends Okay with my friends to my
friends to flirt and sexualize them
okay there is that I didn't let her have
friends and that I had to choose the
Avatar that I used you can't
use avatars that are voluptuous or
over 18 and she knows and I'm not very
proud of it The truth is yes it is true
I did not let her use those types of
avatars because I knew her and I knew what
she was like with avatars that literally
looked like a girl undressing in front
of my friends and there is evidence from my
friends and right now what I'm going to show
too  is going to give evidence that in br
with an avatar like that all kawaii all pretty she was
naked or literally with
underwear she was in
underwear so Imagine you are with
your chill girlfriend not in a living room
and suddenly you see your girl you turn to look at her
and she is in her underwear not
even like let's say the cleavage like that in
underwear So it was like Hey hey
what's up well obviously it was going to be
all over her Obviously it was going to be
crazy right I mean what's up I mean
why dude was I going that had a
deep voice TACA Oh what a nice voice there I go Oh
how nice little beautiful precious to my
friends Oh what nice hands Oh this
blanch has evidence eh I don't have it
But this is without Avatar she is saying no I
mean the girl showed herself on
video calls like this Noa You think that did
n't make me insecure you think
that didn't affect me in some
way or another friend I used to watch videos of
doing the deep voice I used to watch
[ __ ] videos of doing the deep voice  Dude you
know what it was like for me I was like eh Uy
She likes those kind of guys I have to
be like those guys Well it was my
turn it was my first love I had to live it I
had to experience it okay I mean you can do that you
can it can it
works how to
have a deeper voice
and what and what do I have to
do just do this look in 4 minutes
change your voice do you want to go from having a
squeaky voice that nobody Tom seriously to
a more masculine voice that commands more Yeah
but I'll get to the point I don't have much
time I'm watching the
gossip but if you start talking more
Like that is because you're no longer putting Everything
in the nose you can practice this whenever
you want until you find the trick
and Hey By the way it's normal that there is a
little nasality when speaking what well I'll
see in another moment okay the tests
of how I spoke to my friends not only
in private not only in see chat but
also in their streams it's not one it's this
no literally that ah that there it is no I mean they were
the typical comments her
being my partner don't imagine you being
someone's partner And you see your girl  your
kid to your boy putting that
comment to a type of friend in a
publication in whatever you want gey in
whatever you want, that is, the hands no Ugh
write in that hand what nice hands you
carry I hate you but I like
hands I can be in The thumb and they're going to
say no Kendo That's because you're jealous it
could be it could be a joke the truth is there are
relationships to relationships and that can be
understood okay But there are
couple agreements Okay there are couple agreements and
I told her many times that one made me
uncomfortable with those types of comments that
two affected me and that it made me
insecure and And what do you think she is, I
defended you tooth and nail to
be with you because you know that they
started talking badly about you because of your
behavior since they barely
started knowing you and the only one who
was there to defend you was me Oh and
now the other issue that she couldn't
have friends I never forbade her from
being with anyone she was free to
collaborate Ah Because at that time she
wanted to meet people and she was
here over there that knowing this
knowing this here here  here one of them
drakeout this one who wanted to meet more
people and make more community and it was
okay because the two of us I understood her
because we are dedicated to the same thing the only thing she
asked was that I not tell half the
world well I'm not going to mention Look Ah
well uh a small request no
how do you see it chat in vr chat Javi is a
shady place I know all those people
have
skeletons yes but let's see if the girl
was in her underwear in vr chat What do you
mean let's see when we talk about vr
chat what are we talking about vr
chat I mean We talk about dolls not
avatars
you know
No you know it
's not where
Silver plays I mean but we're talking about dolls what does it matter
that it's a metaverse okay Yeah but
what does it matter that she puts on her underwear
No what does it matter that she puts on her
underwear I mean don't see her guys I'm not
going to mention first of all I'm not going to
mention the boy's name okay
because this has nothing to do with him it
has to do with seje with me okay
so when they started misos with
this boy it was because she showed me a
conversation where they had the typical
discord gifs giving each other  kisses hugging
the typical gif this in the conversation, I
mean things like that no things like that no I mean like
You see it you see that your partner that with
a guy that you just met that they give
very little knowing each other they have the gift of
kiss each one has their relationships and
each one has their limit okay but that's why
I felt jealous I made
a very sad Stream I was eye I was
at a family gathering let's see if
the boy is insecure
eh I don't know if she really gave him
as much let's see if yes if
your girlfriend doesn't convince you if she doesn't convince you how she
is or the way she is and or how she
carries friendships then don't be with
her but no you don't have to modify
people you don't have to modify
people
you yes yes I mean the guy was like super
jealous of the ones in the gifs he was
sad because she had segue she was
naughty I agree yes yes she was
naughty this fact all that with the
boy and all the mess was a lot of mess it
was not the first time that she did something to me
that had to do with boys or with
friends and  in a family gathering
where there was alcohol I drank with my family it
was wrong I shouldn't have done
things like that I should have kept it
more private and I did a Stream and
well I cried I did a Stream I didn't mention her I didn't
say anything but I cried the community
saw that wow wow toxic everyone eh teje
did their things did that kind of things and
that I didn't like that
all the times she had flirted eh they
exposed it to her no and I didn't attack her I didn't
do anything to her I mean I didn't grab that funa and I told
her to go [ __ ] herself on the
contrary dude I supported her No I'm with you
we're not together don't [ __ ] with me
Why do people say I mean she came to me herself
and told me she was right that she declared herself to me she
said that she had even dreamed about me eh she
had a very close connection with me
that she loved me and she declared herself to me but I
told her that for my health it was Hey eh I wouldn't
like you to continue talking to a
boy who has intentions of being
with you no and one thing that she says is
that she was never unfaithful to me and  maybe not she
was never unfaithful to me or not that I knew
but she broke many many terms
relationship agreements to do all the things she
did with other guys because I
told her what made me uncomfortable and what
bothered me and she kept doing it
people she would watch gentai with her
followers while making weird sounds
on her discord and my friends would come to me and
ask me what the hell because but
well I don't know some stupid thing I don't know
what we are watching
virtual boyfriend fights
drinking
be it if they had told me 10
years ago that my workday was going to
consist of watching a
fight the truth is that I'm going to skip the
video okay I'm worth it with the summary and
basically Well the boy He is
complaining about her let's see the summary okay
whoever wants to see it in full watch it in
full but the
summary the summary is that the boy
was not very happy with this girl
because the girl was playful She was
naughty she liked to flirt with the
rest of the guys okay
Eh Well I don't know the truth is I don't know her it
could be because the girl was like
playful and she liked it  flirting and
flirting with many boys and this is a
matter of each one no I mean don't be
with her and already seje she responds again
calling him a narcissist and a liar with
screenshots saying that he liked that she
was a minor let's see those
screenshots Oh I saw this on Twitter and it
seemed a little ridiculous to me let's see this I
saw this on Twitter and it seemed very ridiculous to me I
mean they
are playing not in the conversation
they are with their nonsense no eh how can it
be so sexy but but but I only
exist what you do is totally illegal And he
tells her it's illegal and I love it because it
's you You are worth It's worth the sentence let's
see I understand that he is like 19 and she is
18 17
is not like that
no let's see I don't know in what country they live in
but here in Spain if one is
17 and the other 18 it's not
illegal
let's see if in some country that is illegal I
think it's a tremendous [ __ ] that that
is
illegal otaku things no but let's see
you the the nonsense let's see but
if you have slept with her No yes it is  your
boyfriend has not been your boyfriend or you have
slept together why the [ __ ] are you going to
show me a screenshot if at no time, let's
see if at no time he denies having
slept with you or you with him it is
called oni Chan what strange people eh what
strange people
what strange people why do you
show me a screenshot that tells you You are
worth the condemnation or that you turn me on a lot
but if you have slept together I understand that they get
turned on no Or how they have done it I mean he
is 18 and 19 and the other is 16 17 I mean what are you
telling me the chick is tremendous
red flash everyone everyone is everyone is let's
see what they put this screenshot
So I don't have to worry about it
happening again and neither do you
because you already know that it will end if it happens
again take it as a threat or whatever
because she will be telling him that she doesn't
like flirting with boys let's see they
are childish fights I don't give a
damn about what these people are doing
and I'm going to see
finally about this subject It's that the truth is
I find this funa pathetic the
other  I've seen around
pum pum pum pum
pua this This is a telesalseo topic
but it just came up when I opened
Twitter Look, I was going to see this eh I was
going to see this I don't know how the [ __ ] Twitter
knows what was going to happen eh the great the
great art of saying that you're not talking about a
topic making a video talking about it
to say that you're not talking about it
while you're talking about it this is a real
pain
menec What does brendy Javi say they're both
toxic once in a game I greeted
Kendo and the chick called me a [ __ ] because I
greeted him they're really weird yes they're cute they're
cute let's
see I already said it the other day it's that
trick Oh how that trick look at this one that
Javi is mentioning
Ah it's not relevant in this
extract we'll talk about it in telesalseo
but you're going to understand it perfectly
here in chavalera more than when I
explain it there do you remember a video
that I criticized that is part of the
video that I made for him Alo Juan which was a
video of his  talking about Win michu
and Dallas which was a video with Juan like this
in the thumbnail and in the back all the videos
that people made about the fight
with michu dala and in the video it was that
michu is there Wi michu crying do not
make videos about that topic it is very
delicate I mean it was like you make a video
to criticize that people talk about that
topic and make a video about that topic but it is
your way of making a video about that
topic anyway racun exposes osow Ivan
directed to expenses of my operation
ubet osu's agency has been having
problems with her talents
if you remember well recently we talked about
how rakun had a serious medical problem
due to negligence where she almost
lost her voice on the other hand
many people also supported her for
your
cat's cats it is
osu They know perfectly well the
vulnerable situation that I
find myself in it seems a little true to me
This funa seems like nonsense to me I mean
unless something comes out that I find
fat powerful I think I'm not going to comment
any more on that topic
eh Katy
Angel What does Katy Angel do Maribel
how beautiful she is What is
Katy Angel has been spending time watching let me take a
look at her channel for a moment Katy Angel
eh she's been uploading
videos halfway through gossip not yet from
what I see or marking cliff B with the
gossip I don't know look I have a debt of
half a million dollars I'm going to
meet the love of my life she's not
moving I returned the ring yes she is
doing some content related
to the breakup and so on Katy
Angel explained a dream she had about
cannibalism and said that she still had
a lot of nightmares after everything that
happened Well the truth is that now
Katy that passes the page is worth each one
to their own thing and also almost crying
showed a new debt of more than 200,000
that came home from the
department So oh I don't know I want
this weird feeling to go away
because I'm like like
m I don't know if it's happened to you but but oh I don't
know yes I'm still traumatized by the dream don't
judge me so I started to investigate
because nothing that the master cu can't
know So look what he says
cannibalism from a
spiritual or dreamlike perspective So it has to
do with dreams it is carried out in
order to absorb the energy and
qualities of the person
devoured that's why the meaning is
related to possessiveness and
jealousy dreaming that we are among cannibals
who are going to
what happened to Tommy is it
true what happened to
Tommy do they still have that beautiful friendship
Crash and if not that there are
envious people in our environment Oh no I don't
think Tommy He already said he had a
partner I'm not
going to absorb your
energy or
hypocrites who have approached
us in order to
benefit from our successes and
also cause us harm you're
going to forgive me man but it's that I'm
going to leave the live because it's that I'm getting so
homesick that I can't handle it
man you're going to lose me but it's that I'm
getting such a dream
man I mean I think I'm going to resume it
tomorrow because I went through things like this the
truth is I shouldn't have opened I should
n't have opened I opened
because I thought that the wosu theme
was like stronger or something like that
But the truth is  that was [ __ ]
[ __ ] I'm sorry but I'm
falling down
man I'm falling down man
I woke up today at 8 in the morning I
'm falling down
man and I'm doing it no And to do
things like this You haven't eaten me and you've
absorbed my energy
you I was watching you so I wouldn't fall asleep
no no no it's that you think
the subject was stronger but look these
things I can deal with tomorrow for
example after eating we'll talk about it after
eating tomorrow morning Thursday morning
Thursday
Yeah
man it's weak it's weak I had I don't have
a few tabs here with the
comch subject And that but we'll
see them tomorrow
man we'll see them tomorrow guys I'm going
to sleep I'm not saying it again a kiss a
kiss
an